yes hello people welcome to
a new video here today again
with an unboxing of an ipad mini
my second ipad mini this time with 32 gb
then we have the carton he knows here
yes already an ipad mini above that
apple-logo as well as on the
bottom on the two sides left
and right then again each of the
lettering ipad mini here on the
back then just 32 gb again
Any indication that I have it around here
variant with mobile radio acts and we
see up here again with mini 32gb
Sally long hesitate and just look
something in there is so and then can
you just glide that way
Okay so okay let it up here of course
no longer in there we put that aside
here the handle to pull out the
The whole thing then looks like this in the
color black from back then up here
already sees the antenna for the
mobile radio sounds first aside and
look what's in here then
once a small folder with manuals
or finger tips here the tool around the sim
to take out the card
As I said a short note finger
tips and of course the
obligatory apples ticker again
again to set aside then here in the bottom
the packaging of the 5w power adapter
just like the iphone and of course how
the lightning cable around the good device
also to recharge or to the
sync in again and look
next to us the device is yes
still beautiful wrapped in foil and you
say we open it all up
again and again nice sounds to hear
how we get that all year round
unpack it looks like the whole then
so here is the mobile
variant is with cellular
or lte have support
we on the top here
because this antenna is a short overview
about the device here on the side above
the switch for mut or for the rotation
lock louder keys then click here
below we have the slot for the
sim card yes here on the bottom
just the lightning connector again
arranged in the middle and left and
on the right, the speakers
chassis to stereo speakers on the
There is nothing on the side that is
kept free
the top here once the
jack connection 35 millimeters here that
microphone and on the side then the
power button or sleep late button
the back side up here is 5 megapixels
camera the apple logo ipad magazine
to the front the facetime camera here
arranged at the top left next to it
Nutritional sensor and on the bottom
the home button so people we should
already been
for this unboxing opportunity you have
If so, then you show it
please with the thumb upwards
Subscribe to this channel for no further
to miss videos
until next time and ciao